# Weekly Dev Task Sync

## Introduction

This is a application that fetch tasks from your providers and allows you to sync your weekly dev tasks with your team.

## Workspace Structure

-   `.editorconfig`: This file is used to define a consistent coding style for developers working on the project.
-   `.env.example`: An example of the environment variables needed for the project.
-   `.gitattributes` & `.gitignore`: Git configuration files.
-   `.styleci.yml`: Configuration file for StyleCI, a PHP coding style continuous integration service.
-   `app/`: Contains the core code of your application. This directory contains various subdirectories like `Console`, `Exceptions`, `Http`, `Models`, `Providers`, `Repositories`, `Services` which are used to organize your code.
-   `artisan`: This is the command-line interface included with Laravel. It provides a number of helpful commands for your use while developing your application.
-   `bootstrap/`: Contains the scripts that bootstrap the framework and configure autoloading.
-   `composer.json` & `composer.lock`: These files are used by Composer, a dependency manager for PHP.
-   `config/`: Contains all the configuration files for your application.
-   `database/`: This directory contains your database migration and seeds.
-   `package.json`: This file is used by npm to manage Node.js dependencies.
-   `phpunit.xml`: The configuration file for PHPUnit, a testing framework for PHP.
-   `public/`: This directory contains the front controller and your assets (images, scripts, stylesheets, etc).
-   `resources/`: Contains your views, raw assets (LESS, SASS, CoffeeScript), and "lang" files.
-   `routes/`: Contains all of the route definitions for your application.
-   `server.php`: This file allows your application to be served by the PHP's built-in web server for development.
-   `storage/`: This directory contains compiled Blade templates, file based sessions, file caches, and other files generated by the framework.
-   `tests/`: This directory contains your automated tests.
-   `webpack.mix.js`: This is your Webpack configuration file.

## Setup

-   Clone the repository
-   Run `composer install`
-   Run 'php artisan key:generate'
-   Run 'php artisan migrate'
-   Run 'php artisan db:seed'
-   Run 'php artisan serve'

## Usage

-   To fetch tasks from your providers, run `php artisan fetch-tasks`
-   Go to `http://localhost:8000` main page
-   Click on developers section to see and edit developers
-   Click on providers section to see and edit providers
-   Click on tasks section to see and generate schedule for tasks and developers

-   Your providers can send tasks data from different languages no problem you just need to add the keys from your json to programs structure in the language you want to use
